README.md, before:

# Prateek Singh Arora's Portfolio

## Overview

This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio website. It's designed to showcase my skills, projects, and interests, particularly in the field of Computing Science. The website features information about my academic journey, professional aspirations, and creative outlets, including technology experimentation, gaming, and art.

The website is structured into different sections, each highlighting a unique aspect of my profile:

- **Home**: A landing page that introduces visitors to the site.
- **About Me**: Detailed insights into my academic and professional background.
- **My Interests**: A closer look at what motivates and inspires me outside of work.
- **Portfolio**: A collection of projects and accomplishments.
- **Resume**: My professional experience and educational background.
- **Contact Me**: Ways to get in touch with me for potential collaborations and opportunities.

Note: Currently the website is not finished. A lot of intended links do not exist and certain hyperlinks point to a placeholder/temporary link. For example, the Portfolio link will currently take you to the PDF of my Resume. This is not the final website and has been deployed as part of the first milestone.

## Website Link

You can view the live website here: [Prateek's Portfolio](https://the-pirated-sardar.github.io/personal-website/)

## Technology Stack

The website was developed using the following technologies:

- **HTML5**: The markup language used to create the structure of the website.
- **CSS3**: The styling sheet language used for the presentation of the website.
- **JavaScript**: A scripting language used (if applicable) to create dynamic content.
- **GitHub Pages**: The hosting service that serves the website directly from the GitHub repository.

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Author

Prateek Singh Arora

Commit message:

Update README.md with 2024 website version

README.md, after:

# Prateek Singh Arora's Portfolio

## Disclamier

This repository houese the code for an earlier version of my portfolio website. The code for the current version can be accessed [here](https://github.com/the-pirated-sardar/portfolio-2024) and the website is live at [prateek-arora.com]([https://the-pirated-sardar.github.io/personal-website/](https://prateek-arora.com/)).

The following content is preserved as it was when the repository's code was deployed.

## Overview

This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio website. It's designed to showcase my skills, projects, and interests, particularly in the field of Computing Science. The website features information about my academic journey, professional aspirations, and creative outlets, including technology experimentation, gaming, and art.

The website is structured into different sections, each highlighting a unique aspect of my profile:

- **Home**: A landing page that introduces visitors to the site.
- **About Me**: Detailed insights into my academic and professional background.
- **My Interests**: A closer look at what motivates and inspires me outside of work.
- **Portfolio**: A collection of projects and accomplishments.
- **Resume**: My professional experience and educational background.
- **Contact Me**: Ways to get in touch with me for potential collaborations and opportunities.

Note: Currently the website is not finished. A lot of intended links do not exist and certain hyperlinks point to a placeholder/temporary link. For example, the Portfolio link will currently take you to the PDF of my Resume. This is not the final website and has been deployed as part of the first milestone.

## Website Link

You can view the live website here: [Prateek's Portfolio](https://the-pirated-sardar.github.io/personal-website/)

## Technology Stack

The website was developed using the following technologies:

- **HTML5**: The markup language used to create the structure of the website.
- **CSS3**: The styling sheet language used for the presentation of the website.
- **JavaScript**: A scripting language used (if applicable) to create dynamic content.
- **GitHub Pages**: The hosting service that serves the website directly from the GitHub repository.

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Author

Prateek Singh Arora
